# On-boarding

When someone joins our team, we complete an on-boarding process.

This process is defined in a CharlieHR checklist template which can be found
[here](https://dvelp.charliehr.com/checklist_templates).

It is the joint responsibility of the individual's Line Manager and the [HR
Manager](../README.md#contacts) to ensure the on-boarding
checklist is completed within one month of the new team member joining.

# On-boarding advice from our team

Welcome to DVELP. In this article our team have summarised their advice for new
joiners on their on-boarding journey.

## Company culture information

Overall information about cultural processes like meetings, time managment,
communication is explained in [this quick reference
guide](/handbook/quick-reference.md). We recomend you read this before anything
else.

## Acquaintance with your mentor

Your mentor is your best friend during the process of on-boarding. He can help
you with solving any questions. It would be good if you can make a video call
with your mentor and receive an **on-boarding session**. Details of
communication between mentee and mentor are described
[here](/handbook/professional-development/mentoring.md).

After you have had your on-boarding session with your mentor, it will be very
useful if you could arrange a 5min call with all team members to introduce
yourself and let them introduce themselves to you.

## Technical articles:

Over the years we made a collection of our own style guides, recomendations and
process explanations. We continually contribute to them and follow them to make
all of our projects consistent.

### GIT

We have a [quick guide](/guides/code-management/git.md) of how we working with
GIT and GitHub.

### Style guides

You can find our code style guides in [this folder](/guides/code-style). Both
for Front End and Back End.

### Configuring lints

We are using a number of linters to keep our code clean and consistent.
[Here](/guides/code-style/Readme.md) you can find our configurations and a way
to setup it.

### Twilio Quest

Most likely, at some point, you will be involved to project that use Twilio. So
it's strongly recommended to go through [Twilio
Quest](https://www.twilio.com/quest/welcome). Before you start it, you will need
to contact your mentor to allow him to create an account for you.

## Cookbook

There is much more in our Cookbook, which will be useful in different
situations. Please feel free to explore it! A good place to start can be [table
of contents](/Readme.md).

## Handbook

The [DVELP Handbook](/handbook/README.md) contains our company's policies that
define how we think about things like best practice, professional development
and information security. It is a good place to reference for specific
quesitons.

## Useful links

- [System admins](/handbook/information-security/access-control.md) - Is a place where
  you can find a system admin and his deputy for some exact platform. Can be
  useful when you need to get access to some system.
- [Our blog](https://dvelp.co.uk/articles) - This contains a lot of articles
  that explain our approach and expertise in everything we do.
